chore: get informant notification from country config (#7627)
opencrvs/opencrvs-core: CHANGELOG.md

### Breaking changes

> - Remove informant notification from the UI and change notification setting in the country config's `application-config.ts` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove informant notification configuration from the UI and read notification configuration settings from `record-notification` endpoint in countryconfig
```
